1.) Install the application.
3.) Once you enter the application, you will get the main screen of the application with a list of ailments.
    You can perform one of the following functions on this screen:
    a) If you want to look at the remedy of an ailment from the list of ailments, just click on the ailment 
       name and you would be taken to the screen with the remedy.
       
       Once you reach the screen with remedy, you can perform following functions:
        
       (i) Click on the Home image will take you to the previous screen.
       (ii)Click on the Share Remedy image will open up email functionality from which users can send mail 
	   to their family/friends.
       (iii) Previous/Next arrow images to go forward or backward in remedies.
       (iv)  Favorite image, click on the image to mark the remedy as your favorite remedy.
       
    b) Click on Your favorite Remedies image to see the listing of you favorite remedies.

	Once you reach the screen with ailment list, you can perform following functions:

	(i) If you want to remove some remedies from you list of favorite remedies then
	    click on the checkbox and press Remove Remedy Image.
	
	Rest functionality of this screen is same as that of initial screen with list of ailments.

    c) Share the link of the application through email by clicking on share the app image.
    d) Click on user submitted remedies image to look at the remedies submitted by other users of the 
       same application.

	Once you reach the screen with user submitted remedies, you can perform following functions:
	(i) Click on the ailment to look at all the remedies provided by different users under that ailment.
	(ii)Click on Add Remedy button to share your own remedy with all the other users of the application.

    e) Enter the name of the ailment you want to see in the box provided and click OK image when you have finished 
       searching.You will see the ailment whose name you provided in the list. 

